docs(README): Updated Community Platform Mentions (#2960)
juspay/hyperswitch: README.md

Get updates on Hyperswitch development and chat with the community:

> - [Discord server][discord] - Join to contribute to the hyperswitch open source.
> - [Slack workspace][slack] - Real-time chat with the Hyperswitch crew. Meet fellow users, contributors, and our developer advocates. Perfect for quick questions.
> - [GitHub Discussions][github-discussions] - Drop feature requests or suggest anything payments-related you need for your stack. Got questions? Ask away!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Discord server][discord] for questions related to contributing to hyperswitch, questions about the architecture, components, etc.
- [Slack workspace][slack] for questions related to integrating hyperswitch, integrating a connector in hyperswitch, etc.
- [GitHub Discussions][github-discussions] to drop feature requests or suggest anything payments-related you need for your stack.
```

Point 2 may have to be tweaked a bit, you can build on top of this.
